Welcome to the Class Oriented Low Object Based Game Engine, also known as the COLOB Game Engine! 

The COLOB Engine was developed and is owned by Black Frog Studios, and was developed in an effort to secure a first-party engine for the studio. Despite this, the decision was made to release it to the public for free.

The COLOB Engine supports 2D rendering, 2D textures, basic rectangle creation, simple input, and much more.

The engine was intended to support only a low amount of objects per game, so it is not recommended for open world games (yet).

The structure of this engine is very simple and is made up of multiple components. Among these components there are:

Interface System Working Unit (ISWU)- The component that enables all of the necessary systems to run. Use the ISWU before the opening the engine if this is your first time downloading the engine.

Graphically Immersive Unit (GIU)- A component that boosts the graphical fidelity of the engine.

Custom Rendered Network Transfer (CRNT)- A function that enables the game window to have the highest graphics possible.

Feature Rich Embedded Debugger (FRED)- A component designed to make debugging your game so much easier. FRED is a state of the art console-logging system that boasts the ability to log FOUR different types of logs.

Universal Brain (UB)- The UB is a complex mathematical beast. This is a component written to perform mathematical operations on COLOB custom data types.

Tagging Natives System (TNS)- The TNS is a carefully crafted global tracking system, that tracks the objects in the game scene.

Backwards Compatible Edifice For Terminating Hacks (BETH)- A simple system built to destroy memory leaks caused by the engine.

Native Navigation Edifice (NNE)- This documentation.



To start off, you will want to read the documentation in this folder before opening up the actual engine.





The COLOB Engine and its components are property of Black Frog Studios.
https://github.com/Black-Frog
https://black-frog-studios.itch.io/

This file was generated using ANFPad, a product of ANF Studios.
https://github.com/ANF-Studios


Also this engine is a joke, it is recommended to not utilize this graphically-superb engine for a legitimate game.
